Add support bundles functionality (#2338)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/configuration/flags.md

If you would like to disable the reporting, Grafana Agent provides the flag `-disable-reporting`
to stop the reporting.

> ## Support Bundles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Support bundles
```

> Grafana Agent allows exporting 'Support Bundles' on the `/-/support` endpoint.
> These are zip files, that contain commonly-used information to provide a
> baseline when starting to debug an issue with the Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana Agent allows exporting of 'support bundles' on the `/-/support` endpoint.
Support bundles are zip files containing commonly-used information that provide a
baseline for debugging an issue with the Agent.
```

> The support bundle contains all information in plain text, so that it can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support bundles contain all information in plain text, so that they can be
```

> inspected before sharing, to verify that no sensitive information has leaked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inspected before sharing to verify that no sensitive information has leaked.
```

> The bundle's structure is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support bundles contain the following data:
```

* `agent-config.yaml` contains the current agent configuration.
* `agent-logs.txt` contains the agent logs during the bundle generation.
* `agent-metadata.yaml` contains the agent's build version, operating system, architecture, uptime, plus a string payload defining which extra agent features have been enabled via command-line flags.
* `agent-metrics-instances.json` and `agent-metrics-targets.json` contain the active metric subsystem instances, and the discovered scraped targets for each one.
* `agent-logs-instances.json` contains the active logs subsystem instances.
* `agent-metrics.txt` contains a snapshot of the agent's internal metrics.

> * the `pprof/` directory contains Go runtime profiling data (CPU, heap, goroutine, mutex, block profiles) as exported by the pprof package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `pprof/` directory contains Go runtime profiling data (CPU, heap, goroutine, mutex, block profiles) as exported by the pprof package.
```
